Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before
we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today,
I’m going to recap a 2011 Thailand Drama
Biographical movie, called The Billionaire.
This movie tells the story of a young
entrepreneur in building his snack empire,
Tao Kae Noi. He was determined to establish the
company to help his parents pay off their debts.
So, what are the problems that he faced? How
can he have achieved it? Let’s find it out.
At the start of the movie, we are introduced to
Top, a 19-year-old boy who wants to take a loan
of 10 million Thailand Baht, or around
300 thousand USD, to make a factory.
The Bank Manager asked him the reason he should
lend the money. He then explains about his
history. When in high school, he loves to play
games and get a lot of money from it. He starts
with selling an in-game item for 12,000 Baht.
Then, he buys a car by selling more rare items.
His parents don’t agree about it and ask him
to focus on high school. After graduating, he
fails in getting into a public university. But he
doesn’t care about it and continues to play games.
Due to the ease of getting the money,
he spends it lavishly on electronics.
One day, his parents ask him to apply for a
private university which is expensive. He also
overhears his parents complaining about facing a
financial problem. He cannot help them because his
game account has been blocked due to commercial
activities and he doesn’t have much savings left.
Determined to help his parents, he tries to
resell DVD players with his remaining savings.
Unfortunately, he fails because
he was tricked by the supplier.
Seeing that Top has failed, his Father recommends
him to enter university and abandon his business.
Father gives him money to enter the
private university, but he refuses.
Because he doesn’t want to be dependent
on his troubled parents. At night,
he steals one of Father’s jewelry and pawns it
with a promise that he will buy it back later.
He uses the money to enter a private university.
While studying, Top skips his class and goes to
a food processor exhibition. There, he rented an
automatic peanut cooker to open a new business.
He learns how to cook peanuts from a seller and
implements it. Turns out, his food is delicious.
Then, Top and his Uncle open a tenant in a
mall. There, they fail because there is no
customer buying. After trying several locations,
sales go up and Top starts to hire some staff.
Top’s Girlfriend reminds him to come back and
focus on his study, but he is still determined
on building a business. Because of his absence,
he dropped out of his university. To add to his
problem, his business also fails because the smoke
from the peanut cooking process pollutes the mall.
His parents ask him to go to China with
them to start a new life. However, he is
still determined to be a businessman, and pay his
family’s debt so that they may stay in Thailand.
After some consideration, his
parents leave him and go to China.
Then, Top finds that his house has been
collateralized for a bank loan and is about
to be seized. When he is feeling down, he meets
Girlfriend who is angry because he hasn’t been
replying to her messages. While he is taking her
home, she brings out fried seaweed that she bought
from overseas. The seaweed is delicious and he
wants to sell this product for his next business.
He asks a Professor on how to preserve the
fried seaweed in a package. Professor explains
that he has to use a vacuum machine to suck the
oxygen out of the package and kill the bacteria.
Determined to start his new business, he sells his
automatic peanut cooker and buys new materials and
tools. Unluckily, his first attempt fails.
The fried seaweed always tastes bitter.
He sells his electronics to buy more raw seaweed.
Even though Uncle frequently persuades Top to
follow his parents to China, he still doesn’t
lose hope in establishing a business. During
their attempt at making a delicious recipe, Uncle
got into an accident and had to be hospitalized.
That night, a package fell on the floor and rain
poured on it. Top continues his attempt without
Uncle but also meets no luck. When he runs out of
stock, he tries to fry the rain-drenched seaweed.
He finds the seaweed delicious because
of the water moisture inside the package.
He brings it to Uncle and Uncle also likes it.
After Uncle has recovered, they start to
sell the fried seaweed and succeed. Top sets a
personal sales target of 1 million Baht a year.
When his parents call, he finds out that the
family’s debt is actually 40 million Baht,
or 1.2 million USD. He got desperate
because of the shocking number.
He listens to some motivational records to
boost his morale and gets back to his feet.
When visiting 7-Eleven, he realizes that he can
sell his snacks in the shop to boost his sales.
The next day, he visits 7-Eleven’s office
and pitches his product to the Director.
The Director rejects his proposal because his
package design is so poor and the price is too
expensive. Once more faced with disappointment,
Girlfriend tries to cheer him up and says that
her parents can help his financial problems.
Due to his integrity, he rejects the offer.
The next day, Top asks a local
designer to design his product’s wrap.
Designer says that the products' name, Tao
Kae Noi, which means (Young Entrepreneur),
is good enough and needs no adjustment. After
he repackages his product, he brings it to the
office once more to show to the Director.
However, the Director is very busy that day
and he is left waiting. He finally surrenders and
gives his snack to the office’s security. He also
calls Mother to inform that he is coming to China.
Luckily, his product is loved by 7-Eleven’s staff.
The office invites Top to an appointment with the
Boards. In the meeting, the Director commends him
for making a delicious snack. The Director also
adds that he has to produce 72,000 packages for
6,000 branches to be a partner. His factory
will also be inspected for hygiene concerns.
He agrees to the requirements and comes to a
bank. Turns out, he applies for a 10 million
Baht loan to fund his new factory. The Bank
Manager congratulates him for making it so far.
But he rejects Top’s proposal because he is still
19 years old and his family has a huge debt.
Again, this time Top still pushes forward. He uses
his parents’ old shop which is in the process of
being confiscated by the Bank. He sells his car
to fill his new factory and hires new staff.
When he is shopping, he finds that his
Girlfriend is already with someone else.
He is saddened because his Girlfriend was so kind
and caring. After much preparation, the factory
is ready and the Director comes with an Inspector.
They are unsatisfied with the factory’s sanitation
and see that Top is unfit. The Director says that
they will discuss first and the result will be
sent later. After they have fixed the factory’s
problems, Top gets approval from the Director.
He is overjoyed and ramps up his
production to meet the required number.
When preparing for delivery, Top hugs Uncle and
expresses his gratitude. He also says that if they
fail again this time, he will follow his parents’
will to study and live in China, because he has
sold everything for the business. When he arrives
at the warehouse, the Warehouse Manager says that
his delivery is one hour late and cannot be
accepted. He begs to him and says that he
has sacrificed a lot for this. The Warehouse
Manager pities him and accepts his packages.
Feeling relieved, he calls his parents to say
that they can finally come home to Thailand.
At the end of the movie, we are informed that
2 years after the co-operation with 7-Eleven,
Top pays off his parents’ debt of 40 million
Baht and can re-occupy the house together.
Top also applies for a loan of 400 million
Baht to expand his factory. In 2010,
Top has 2,500 employees. He sends his products to
6,000 7-Eleven branches, and exports his seaweed
snack to 27 countries around the world. Top
also owns a seaweed plantation in South Korea,
and generates 1.5 billion Baht (45 million
USD) in sales at the age of 26 years old.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.